♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
[Previous Episode]Hello, this is Zhao Fanzhou from Southern University Student Association. I'm here to pick you up.
It's me.
- World Classics?- Don't look.
I didn't see clearly, wait...
My hair is stuck in the umbrella. Can you help me get it out?
[Episode 2] [Military Training Adventures]
At ease!
Hello, classmates. I am second year Zhao Fanzhou.
For this military training,
- I will be the assistant instructor.- Why is there an assistant instructor?
It's because I heard that during last year's military training,
a student and the instructor had a conflict and things got really unpleasant.
So this year, the school asked the student association to assist with communications.
The one in charge of our formation is from the Forensic Science Department.
He's the new student association president.
How do you know so much?
Because... I usually like to go on forums.
Next, we'll begin today's training.
Why is it him again?
Such bad luck!
Attention!
1, 1, 1, 2, 1.
Arms to the side.
Forearms hold steady.
I can't do it anymore. Take care of my parents for me.
I can't do it anymore either.
Your parents are on their own.
How about this, I'll count to three.
- We'll both fall to the ground.  - Wait.
Let me get into the mood. Foaming at the mouth.
Foaming at the mouth is usually due to phosphate poisoning
or someone with epilepsy.
May I ask which one you are?
I was just joking. I love running.
Running makes me healthy.
- Then good luck.  - Good luck!
Zhou Xiao, do you know him?
Don't mention it. It's an ill-fated relationship.
Ill-fated!
Tao Ling, you didn't take a nap?
What's wrong with you?
How's my sickly look?
You scared me. What's this crazy ghost make-up?(T/N: Literally, what ghost did you draw?)
Military training ghost.
Here, here. Let me put some makeup on you and we'll both act dead in the dorm.
No need, you do it yourself. I don't trust you.
And if we sweat, the make-up will run. Besides,
if that Zhao Fanzhou sees me,
he'll definitely scold me even more. You can go play by yourself.
Don't! You can't expect to achieve anything if you don't take risks! Haven't you heard of that?
Here, close your eyes.
Imagine it with me.
We're lying in the dorm and cold wind is blowing through the air conditioner.
It's so cool and at this time,
we're eating snacks, such as chips and sweet potato chips,
and iced watermelon.
The most important thing is,
you can also hear the wailing outside of everyone else baking in the sun.
Doesn't it sound amazing?
Yes! Come on, come on!
- I'm drooling.  - Me too.
Make it redder.
- Over here, too.- Wei-wei.
Wei-wei, should I do it for you, too?
I... I don't dare.
Wait, her look just now, was it doubting my make-up skills?
Eyes ahead!
What's going on? How comes it's different from our script?
Shouldn't he be asking if we're feeling okay?
He's changing the script without telling us.
Why don't you add some plot?
- That's good, too. Cooperate with me; be the prop in my performance.- Okay.
What kind of lousy acting is that?
It hurts so much.
- What's wrong?- Instructor,
our stomach hurts. I think we ate something bad.
And I think we have a bit of heatstroke, we feel dizzy.
Ate something bad?
You'll feel better if you squat a bit.
Instructor, I need to use the toilet.
- Zhao Fanzhou.- Here.
Come over here.
The school strongly emphasized that during military training,
we need to have a good rapport with students, but the make-up of these two students
is testing my intelligence. You take care of it.
Sir! Please handle it according to the military training regulations.
Okay. Then we'll do...
revert back to human form in 10 minutes and do 30 push-ups.
- You supervise them.- Yes, Sir!
- How do we do 30 push-ups?- Clench your jaw and do it.
No, I have to handle this senior in a bit.
- Cooperate with me.- Forget it. I shouldn't have listened to your lousy idea in the first place.
You just wait.
Are you ready? Get started.
Senior,
can we not do so many? We promise never to do it again.
No.
- Senior, don't be so unreasonable.- On the count of three.
1, 2, 3.
- 1...- 1...
2... 3...
Isn't it resting time? Where's Zhou Xiao?
17, 18,
19.
I can't do it anymore.
Just kill me.
We're halfway done. Come on.
If you finish them,
I'll give you all of Luo Wei's sweet potato chips.
I really can't anymore. Even if you give me the immortality fruit,(T/N: Also known as melon eggplant or ginseng fruit)
I still won't be able to survive.
Can I...
finish it for her?
I'll do both of theirs.
Is 50 enough?
Stop messing around. Leave!
Cai Yasi, your appearance really isn't normal.
Someone who won a computer award is extraordinary.
Then I'll give you guys a few more.
You doing this isn't helping their punishment.
- 18, 19,  - It's a waste of energy.
20, 21...
We're all classmates. You don't need to go this far.
- 23, - This is a principle.
- 24, 25,- 24.
Zhou Xiao, say, will they get into a fight over us?
I've never had a guy that fought over me.
- Shut up and start counting!- All students...
- 26, -...gather on the field immediately!
- 27, - All students...
...gather on the field immediately!
They're gathering at the field already. Brother Cai, just go.
I'm almost done counting.
28, 29, 30!
I'm done.
Me.
Tao Ling's also done, she did it with me.
Go back.
Thank you.
- Let's go! Water, water. - Let's go! Bye, Senior.
Hurry up, Zhou Xiao! Throw that to me.
- Tao Ling, put this on my desk. - Okay.
Where's your hairspray? Give it to me.
You scared me.
Wei-wei, take this hairspray and spray it on the edge of the blankets, and then straighten it.
It makes it easier to fold into a tofu shape.
Okay.
- Zhou Xiao, give me Zhu Lu's hair curler.- This one?
What are you doing with it?
Stuff it in. Help me.
Will this work?
Xiao-xiao, what about my hair straightener? There's no place to put it.
Your...
Coming!
I'll go open the door.
What do we do? Me?
- Hello, Instructor. - Hello, dorm inspection.
Why are you standing so far away?
Instructor, it's a bit hot.
It's you guys again. I guess I'll need to check this dorm thoroughly.
Instructor, Student Zhou Xiao threw away a prohibited item.
What prohibited item?
What prohibited item? I didn't throw anything. What are you talking about?
Don't speak nonsense. And how did you know my name?
It's written on the bed. Oh right, Fanzhou! Didn't you see it ,too?
I didn't see anything.
It's okay, you must be seeing things. We forgive you.
We forgive you.
Maybe I did see it wrong.
Let's take a look around.
- Yes, Sir.- Yes, Sir.
Instructor, there's nothing wrong here.
Instructor, there's nothing wrong here either.
I think this dorm is fine.
Your blankets are folded neatly, too.
- You all know the school does not allow high-output electrical appliances, right?- Yes.
- Be careful.- Okay.
Let's go.
- Yes, Sir. - Yes, Sir.
- Goodbye, Instructor.- Bye-bye, Instructor.
Why is it him again?
Instructor.
I still think room 415 is a safety hazard.
I think it's fine.
But I really saw that girl throw out a hair straightener.
That thing has a high output and is quite dangerous.
Keep in mind to catch the big ones and let go of the small. Don't keep going back to this.
Fanzhou, you also saw it, too. Right?
No.
All right, let's check the next room. We can rest the sooner we finish.
Yes, Sir.
It's so good to have you guys.
Let's stew pig trotters tonight.
Coming.
You're back? Forgot your key?
Thanks.
Does that really help with heatstroke?
I don't know. The school doctor gave it to me.
What's this?
Who touched my stuff?
I organized your desk because we had a dorm inspection.
I organized your bedsheets.
I took your hair-curler and hid it. I'll return it to you now.
It's stuck, it's stuck.
It's stuck.
What's this smell on my bed?
We had to fold the blankets into a tofu shape, I sprayed some hairspray.
I taught her.
How am I supposed to sleep now?
Sorry.
Ignore her.
It's my fault, I shouldn't have given you that lousy idea.
Sorry, they suddenly had to check our dorms, so we didn't think too much about it.
It was all for the good of our dorm.
All right. I'll leave you guys here.
Thank you for today. It's late, get some rest.
Goodbye, Instructor.
- Bye.- Bye.
Fanzhou, I really did see a prohibited electrical appliance in dorm 415.
It's fine. Let's just leave it at that.
I'm going. You should also head back and get some rest.
What a magnificent sight!
Why is this here?
I feel like I'm out collecting scraps. It works.
Why is it you again?
You're not writing novels but changed careers to be a peeping tom?
No, I found this.
Then, what are you doing?
I'm taking a walk, that's what I'm doing.
- Really?  - Yes.
What are you two doing?
You... this... You, come with me to the security office.
Auntie, this–
Auntie, it's not like that. Let me explain.
You guys work diligently to pick them up, I'll be checking your progress later.
I was going to say... every time we check the dorms,
that entire yard of grass is full of trash.
I finally caught the culprits today. Go.
They're so fast! They each have lightning speed.
What if they took my stuff? This is such bad luck for me.
Are you trying to get this?
Yeah. This one.
Hurry up.
I can't reach if you don't go down.
Right. Sorry.
It's such a long scar.
Here.
Thanks.
Today, we're doing a small game for physical training.
Xiao, I wish I can die on the spot.
- It's just military training. Is it worth it?- Exactly.
What are you mumbling about? Climbing training is something we do every year! What's there to complain about?
If you don't believe me, you can ask your senior,
- Zhao Fanzhou.  - Here.
- Tell everyone. - It's true.
What's your time?
Sir, I forgot.
Tell him to do it again and we'll know.
- Was I very loud?  - Yeah.
- Zhao Fanzhou. - Here!
A student said for you to do it again.
Get ready.
1, 2, 3. Start!
Your senior's moves are very methodic.
Watch carefully, arms straight.
Using the feet as points, the body is relaxed.
So handsome. I feel like if he takes off his forensic scientist robe, it's all muscle underneath.
I have a guess.
What guess?
He might have a criminal record.
32 seconds, not bad.
Now, we'll start today's official training.
Fanzhou, are you going home for Independence Day?
We can go back together.
I'm not going back.
But Auntie...
I'm so tired. Once I think about how we have to do frog jumps this afternoon, I just want to bite off my tongue and die.
If you die, can you come after my soul?
- Thanks.  - Who's coming after your soul?(T/N: It can also mean someone caught her interest)
- Are you that bored?- You're here.
You two are too much! You didn't even wait for me to eat.
You didn't even get your food, don't you feel embarrassed?
Hello, I'm Cai Yasi. A buddy of Zhou Xiao.
Hello, I'm Luo Wei. Zhou Xiao's dormmate.
Dormmate.
Zhou Xiao must've caused a lot of trouble for you guys.
Her brain is a bit weird.
Her reflexes are very slow so please excuse her.
Who are you talking about?
Who is the one that keeps buying game accessories and tries to get free food from friends?
What a coincidence, you really didn't eat.
I forgot. I forgot.
Sorry, there's a backup.
All right, Zhou Xiao. You dare talk to me this way? You're done for.
What are you doing?
Don't worry, just eat.
- Don't look. - You–
Look.
- What is it? - Show me.
It's big pig trotters!
I need to go back to the lab. Take your time eating.
I'm done, too.
Stop looking! Don't zoom in on my nostrils.
Don't zoom in.
I already saw it.
Whatever. You're not the only one.
Stop talking to us randomly, thank you.
Close it, close it.
No.
Who's she?
She's our new student representative. I've seen her picture on our school's forum.
Does she have a grudge against you?
No.
Delete it.
It's fine. I have backups.
Both eyes straight ahead.
Don't waver. Stand!
Student Zhu Lu, do you want to take a break?
Instructor, no need.
Squat!
Stand!
[Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui] (T/N: herbal medicine for heatstroke; contains alcohol)
Today's instructor was so mean. Frog jumps!
- My legs aren't mines anymore. - Yeah.
I have an idea.
- Thanks.- Take revenge for me.
Here, try it.
- How is it?  - It's like I'm stepping on clouds.
- How awesome! I want some!- I want some, too.
¥5 for one.
So noisy!
Can you guys be quiet? It's so noisy!
So what that we're noisy for a bit?
Zhu Lu, we've endured you for a really long time!
You're always so mean every day! Why should we endure it?
Because I'm your dormmate and you guys don't like me!
Are we that obvious?
You guys all exclude me.
I want to change dorms. I'm going to change you all!
Fine, then go tell the Dorm Manager Auntie to change.
- I'm not going!- Fine, then I'll go.
Wait, wait!
I think something's wrong. Let me go see.
Zhu Lu?
Do you know who you are?
Zhu Lu...
Who's that?
Zhu Lu... Is it a Xiao Lu (small deer)?
Do you know who I am?
- Be careful, be careful. - I'm a small deer!
- Yeah, yeah, you're a small deer.- Be careful! There's a step.
Let's go, my mount.
Let's go.
Hurry up!
Let's go. Hurry.
My feet hurt!
Here.
What's wrong with her?
What kind of shock is she in?
Is it because I was too mean scolding her earlier?
From what I've noticed, she was weird before you guys started fighting.
Then, what's wrong with her?
She kept saying she's a small deer earlier.
- Doctor. - Doctor, how's my dormmate?
These are her lab results.
Nothing serious, she's just drunk.
We're in military training every day, how do we have time to go drinking?
I've looked at her medical records.
She was prescribed a box of Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui yesterday at the hospital. Did she drink it?
Yes, I saw her drink it yesterday.
Then she got drunk from drinking Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui.
It's fine. She can leave once she wakes up.
- Thank you.  - You guys can take care of her.
Thank you.
You can get drunk from Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui? That's impressive!
Scared me to death.
[Campus Hospital]
Who's this?
- Here's another one.- Xiao Lu!
- Xiao Lu!- Wei-wei!
Wei-wei! Wei-wei.
Go check. I think Xiao Lu is awake.
- What did you just call her?  - Xiao Lu.
Who is Zhu Lu? Is Zhu Lu a Xiao Lu (small deer)?
Do you want to die, calling her that?
Her ice-cold demeanor has completely cracked.
I'm not scared of her anymore.
She's awake.
Are you okay?
Where am I?
The doctor said you got drunk from drinking Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui.
I didn't cause trouble for you guys, did I?
You really don't remember anything?
No.
It's not much trouble.
Just that you got drunk and kept taking off your clothes, we couldn't stop–
When did I do that? I just... grabbed your hair...
Didn't you say you didn't remember?
- Xiao Lu.- Xiao Lu.
You guys are so annoying.
Eyes right.
Ready, front. Goose-step.
1!
Gua-gua.(frog sound)
Gua-gua.
Student Tao Ling, what's "gua-gua"? Is a frog jump done by your mouth?
Instructor, it's so tiring.
If I don't find anything fun to do, I can't jump anymore.
Gua-gua, gua-gua.
You have good speaking skills. Too bad military training tests your endurance, not your public speaking.
Student Zhou Xia is more serious than you.
Instructor, I'm not being serious. I'm...
too tired to do it with her.
Gua-gua.
Okay. You can rest.
I used my body to defend everyone's resting time.
Rest for 10 minutes, and then jump another 100 meters.
Instructor, you're too merciless!
You're up?
Are you up, too?
It hurts!
What are you guys doing?
Leg hurts.
That much?
Our instructor had us do frog jumps for 300 meters.
This is the accumulation of lactic acid after exercise.
Don't worry. Continue the military training and it'll turn the lactic acid into nothing.
Student Xiao Lu, please put away that face of rejoicing toward other people's misfortune.
Advance.
Don't come any closer.
- My ankle, right there.- It hurts here.
This big?
Xiao Lu! My ankle, my ankle.
Up, up. Yes, yes.
And here, my knee.
My knee, my knee.
My god.
Endure it.
Good luck.
Zhou Xiao!
- What's wrong?  - Cai Yasi, pick that up.
Fine, why are you so mean?
Zhou Xiao, you're impressive now. You dare talk to me in this way.
Bro, my leg hurts and I can't bend down!
Do you know why this happened? It's because you don't get enough exercise. You know?
I don't know. Give it to me.
So you have to try harder!
Good luck.
Cai Yasi, once I'm better. I'll smash you into the wall that you can't even be peeled off!
Student Zhao Fanzhou, well...
can you pick up my hat for me?
Are you sure?
It's fine! I'll do it myself. You can go on your way.
Thank you.
No problem.
He just smiled at me.
Why did he smile at me?
I'm so scared.
Psycho.
At ease.
Today is the last day of military training. I hope everyone gets energized
and finishes off this last line of duty. In the morning,
we'll conduct a wireless real combat drill. This afternoon will be the concluding ceremony.
And then, this year's military training will be over!
Yes!
Freshmen, the activity area will be in the hill behind the school.
Five people per group. Eight groups total, each will be given 30 minutes.
In 30 minutes, those who don't find the hidden transmitter
will be counted as a fail. Half your military training credits will be deducted.
Instructor, everything is going well.
Are you okay?
What are you doing?
Checking your injury.
I just fell. It's not that serious.
Injuries to the head can lead to concussions or bleeding in the brain.
Clinical display as Retrograde amnesia. Temporarily loss of consciousness and headache,
nausea and vomiting are all possible. More severe cases can cause–
Then... can you please check for me immediately?
Here.
Say will "you heal what you eat" work?
Right now, I really want to eat baked pig's brain.
Don't laugh. Once you laugh, I get goosebumps.
Am I okay?
Let me check. Don't move.
Be gentle.
There.
Student Zhao Fanzhou, someone's injured at the hill's exit. Go check it out.
Roger.
Didn't you say I have a concussion? Where are you going?
You...
You're fine.
I'm fine?
Why do you have two of those in your hands?
Sorry, I thought you'd be able to catch it.
This is your friend's. Give it back to her for me.
Are you crazy?
Isn't this mine? Why do you have it? It's broken.
I didn't do it.
Does the new student representative have a grudge against you?
Good afternoon. My name's Jia Yichun, and I'm a 2016 new student from the Psychology Department.
I'm honored to give this speech as a representative of all the new students.
Sorry, I almost made you lose half of your credit.
It's okay, at least we still found it at the end with Cai Yasi's help.
A genius computer youth is truly brilliant.
Yeah, the process isn't important, the result is.
It has also enabled students to form a clear plan of their future college life.
Look.
This military training...
[Your speech is garbage]
- Who did this? - How could this happen? - This is unacceptable!
Who did this?
- I don't know.- It's so cool.
Xiao, what are you looking at?
Nothing.
If it's not him, then who is it?
[Preview]Waiting for you who has literature accomplishments.
I came to find the programming club about finding the hacker.
I can help you investigate this hacker!
I've already thought of how we're going to find the hacker.
- They found the hacker!- So, you really did it?
It wasn't her. You've misunderstood.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫